[cultists] Azarath.
Metrion. Zinthos.
Azarath. Metrion. Zinthos.
[chanting stops]
[liquid bubbling]
Come, my son.
Your transformation
is now complete.
[cultists] We pledge to you
eternal devotion.
I feel...
different.
What have I become?
You are everything.
Your power will have no equal.
Your followers will do
anything you ask.
Rise.
Come. We must prepare
for the journey ahead.
What's next?
Next, we bring back
your father.
[gasps]
[panting]
[grunts]
They're gone. They're all gone.
[Starfire] But we're
still here.
Where were we?
I don't know.
All I could see was darkness.
It was a death realm.
Her powers sent us there.
How are we still here?
Gar saved us somehow.
I heard his voice
in the darkness.
Yeah, I think I heard him too.
I did too.
[Tim] So where is he?
I don't know.
He's alive though.
I'd feel it if he wasn't.
[bell rings]
You're going to kill me,
aren't you?
I'm not gonna hurt you.
Oh, thank you.
I should've killed him
when I had the chance.
Don't do it to yourself.
We all made the decision
to save him, together.
[Superboy] Did we, though?
I thought you wanted
to save him.
I wanted to stop him.
Maybe if you worked with us
instead of going off
on your own.
We had to change the plan
to save your ass.
And look
where your plan got us.
In a big, empty
B-movie Batcave.
And all the bad guys
scattered into the wind.
Take a bow, boss man.
[Raven] Stop it.
Jinx died for us.
Fighting with each other is
not going to change anything.
What are you doing?
Releasing her spirit
from this place of evil.
How'd you do that?
I don't know.
My powers are back,
but they're different somehow.
Let's get out of here.
[Superboy] Hold on.
There's something down here.
[blows]
[theme music playing]
It's from Lex.
He must have
planted it here to help us.
Yeah, that sounds like Lex.
Why would Lex leave something
here, of all places?
"If you're reading this,
my plan failed and May is
as evil as I feared.
You must stop her.
The book contains
information only known by me.
Give it to Richard.
He claims to be
a master detective,
so let him detect."
What else does it say?
The rest is just for me.
Hey. Lex knew?
[Nightwing] Can you read that?
No. It's an ancient
Tamaranean dialect, I think.
Well, I definitely know
someone who can.
Then what are we waiting for?
Hey. Where's Conner?
[Tim] Do you think Conner
will come back?
[Krypto whimpering]
I don't think he'd leave
Krypto behind forever.
You okay?
I don't know.
I mean, you got
your powers back.
That has to be good, right?
When I first lost my powers,
I felt like
there was something missing.
And now they're back,
but the weight is different.
Like, the darkness is gone.
[Krypto growls softly]
Sounds like a good thing.
Yeah.
Sometimes I think
that part of me...
fed off the darkness.
And I-I don't really know
who I am without it.
[phone vibrating]
Your parents?
Bernard.
Are you gonna respond?
[Tim] And say what?
He told me he didn't think
I was ready for combat.
And he was right.
What happened in that temple,
how do I explain that?
I'm not gonna lie to him.
I mean, we're not dead,
but we're not okay.
We are now, though, right?
You have to tell them that
at least.
We're still chasing down
May and Sebastian,
and all we have to go on
is a book from
a dead Lex Luthor.
How's he gonna handle that?
I-I don't even know
how I'm handling it.
You can't just ignore him
'cause you think
he can't deal with it.
You're right.
[sighs]
Maybe I should
respond to my mom, too, then.
- Oh, my God!
- I know.
[Dick] Listen, Roberta
is a little eccentric.
But I trust her.
She's an expert in
extraterrestrial languages.
Knows everything from
Klingon to Tamaranean.
You know Klingon's not
a real language, right?
Try telling her that.
[knocking at door]
Actually, don't.
[Roberta] Come in.
EMF hats by the door.
[Dick] We're actually good on
the, uh, hats, Roberta.
[Roberta] Suit yourselves.
Hello?
No devices on us,
just like you asked.
[sniffs]
No scent of sulphur.
Must be a myth.
I'm Kory.
It's a pleasure to meet you.
[speaking Tamaranean]
[laughs]
I was expecting orange light.
Why is yours blue?
Well, I guess
I'm full of surprises.
Now that show and tell
is finished, we need your help,
reading this.
Prophecy?
You know about that?
The end of the world?
Yeah. I know about it.
We think the Blood Moon ritual
has happened.
So there is a fulsome
son of Trigon
manifested in the Well of Blood
here on our Earth?
And he has the Horn?
What horn?
The one Trigon lost
in his early battles
with the first Tamaranean.
It's protected
by his followers.
Only one with Trigonic blood
can use it.
Use it for what?
"To usher forth
and welcome Trigon,
here in our earthly realm
for his final...
dominion, over humanity."
Basically, he's gonna
eat the world.
And how do we stop him?
[Roberta] You don't.
She does.
Your light, when used
to its full power,
can end this.
But...
But what?
It will end you.
You as you are now.
[door opens]
[Kory] What do you think?
- Another day, another prophecy.
- Dick, she said--
Yeah, I heard what she said.
She's an expert
in foreign languages,
she's not a psychic.
We're really not
gonna talk about it?
About what?
The little part about me dying
to save the universe.
We're gonna go
find the Horn and stop this
before it goes any further.
[Rachel] So, if anybody
with Trigonic blood
can get the Horn,
then I'm just as qualified
as Sebastian.
We just need to
get there first, right?
Theoretically, yes.
But we need to know
where the horn is
in order to do that.
And we don't.
Roberta was able to
translate this text.
It appears relevant, obviously,
but at the same time,
it makes no sense.
"Fire star explodes.
Blood portal opens.
Horn of Power sounds."
Nice three-step process.
Do a cross-reference,
see if anything pops.
What if it's not
about the words?
What do you mean?
It's called Gematria,
and it's basically like,
semantic numerology.
In most ancient languages,
each letter has
a numeric value.
Like Scrabble.
N-No. But...
Sure, basically.
Gematria is all over
Biblical interpretation.
That's how we
ended up with 666
being the mark of the beast
from Revelations,
even though technically,
it's about Emperor Nero,
but still--
So this might be
an alphanumeric cypher.
Maybe.
But how do we know the values?
Standard code breaking.
Start with the word you know
in Tamaranean like, "fire."
A'ndr.
Across most ancient languages,
the numeric value of that
is 100, so if that's true
for Tamaranean...
Enter the known values
and let the computer
look for a pattern.
[computer beeping]
Okay, so we have
a bunch of numbers
instead of letters.
The numbers
could mean anything.
Unless it's both numbers
and letters.
So, if "blood portal "
means "temple..."
- then--
- Yes.
[Dick] This line here...
[Tim] Holy shit.
Lex just gave us
the location of the Horn.
You could've knocked.
So, you found Lex's box
and decided to listen to
your father for once.
I didn't know
you would be a part of this.
Is that going to be a problem?
People died because of you.
What you did to me, to Gar,
you never paid for that.
[Mercy] Would you
like to kill me?
Have at it, there's nothing
I can do to stop you.
I must say,
I love the new look.
Your father
would've been pleased.
Was that your job?
Pleasing my father?
Working for Lex Luthor was
the greatest honor of my life.
He was an extraordinary
human being.
He valued intelligence,
hard work, and loyalty,
above all things.
He gave me opportunities
in fields that women
and women of color
don't often get.
And he always
treated me with respect.
So, why are you here?
May Bennett sent her acolytes
to take over LexCorp.
They were messy, but effective.
Lex excelled at many things.
One of the most remarkable
was his ability
to see people's potential
and harness it
for his own gain.
May was one of
his rare missteps.
You were not.
And now, May and her son
are your problem to solve.
Maybe the Titans
will stop them.
If you believed that,
you wouldn't be here.
Lex saw your potential,
and he saw how you were
wasting it with the Titans.
What would he have me do?
Avenge him, for starters.
Take back LexCorp.
That is your legacy.
Your responsibility.
And then?
After that, be everything
he created you to be.
What's that?
Information
your friends don't have.
Lex was preparing
countermeasures against
what May had planned.
I took this
when I left the building.
You have a choice, Conner.
Take this and run back
to the Titans.
Or keep it for yourself
and step into your true power.
You are smarter, stronger,
and more powerful
than all of them.
You know you are.
You don't need them, Conner.
You can stop May and Sebastian
all on your own.
If you want to.
[Rachel] We are literally in
the middle of nowhere.
You told Dick and Kory
only one with Trigonic blood
can use the horn.
Shouldn't I be able to
feel it or something?
Not necessarily.
The Horn has been
dormant for years.
Hidden and protected.
It could be your power
that brings it back to life.
I'll keep digging for
any other mentions
that might help.
Oh, hang on.
[objects clattering]
[sighs] Hanging.
[Tim] I think the GPS
might be messed up.
This can't be right.
[Dick] The temple was
200 feet underground.
The Horn could be, too.
Bernard?
What are you doing here?
I've been trying to
get a hold of you
since you went off
to storm that temple.
And, um, I hadn't been
having any luck, so I activated
the tracking devices in the RV.
You tracked us?
Sorry. But you're here.
And that's great.
Well, since you're here,
we could use your help.
Anything. Just, um,
no outdoor survival tips.
We're looking for an artifact.
The coordinates we have
led us here,
but, I mean,
it could be anywhere.
All right.
I'll contact the lab,
have them send over
satellite images of the area.
Good. We'll establish a grid
and narrow it down from there.
Uh, I'll go with Bernard.
In case he has some questions.
Okay.
Mind if I ride with you?
- [Bernard] Um...
- If there's room?
Of course. Uh, I just...
Sorry.
I didn't really know what I was
gonna need, and I feel better
when I have
my equipment with me.
[Tim] No kiddin'.
Listen, Bernard, I'm sorry,
I haven't answered your texts,
it's just...
It's been so busy--
Not responding was a response.
And it's fine.
This...
This is a lot to juggle,
and I get that.
So, um, we should
just be colleagues.
Colleagues?
[chuckles softly]
Friends, then.
But I think that we should
keep it at that. Right?
Just, um, focus
on the mission.
[engine starting]
Yeah.
We should go.
[sighs]
[Kory] Caul's Folly?
That place isn't on the map.
[soft music playing
over car speakers]
[Bernard exhales]
I hope there's something decent
around here to eat.
Doesn't need to be fancy,
but something not double fried
would be nice.
What the hell?
Where did they go?
[music stops]
["Escape (The Pina
Colada Song)" playing]
♪ I was tired of my lady ♪
♪ We'd been together too long ♪
♪ Like a worn out recording ♪
♪ Of a favorite song ♪
♪ So while she
Lay there sleepin' ♪
I gotta say,
I like their taste in music.
So, where do we start?
There.
'Cause it looks busy?
Because they have hot coffee.
♪ If you like pina coladas ♪
♪ And gettin' caught
In the rain ♪
♪ If you're not into yoga ♪
♪ If you have half a brain ♪
Sit anywhere you like.
- [Rachel] Thank you.
- [Dick] Thanks.
[gasps]
Uh, be right back
to get your order.
- What was that?
- She's afraid.
- Of us?
- I think so.
So, uh, Megan,
what's good here?
Well, Caul's Folly is known
for two things, date shakes
and defunct salt mines.
I'm guessing
only one of those
is on the menu.
Three date shakes comin' up.
[Dick] And a coffee. Big one.
Huh. Defunct salt mines
could be a promising place
to hide an ancient relic.
It should show up on
the satellite images
Bernard is getting us.
Speaking of,
I thought they were
following us.
Oh, they had
an issue to resolve.
Ah.
I'll text them,
tell 'em we're getting a bite.
A sip. One bite's a solid.
One sip's a liquid.
[Kory] She's right.
Thanks for that.
You're welcome.
[chuckles softly]
No service. Great.
- Oh. Sorry about that.
- [Dick] Oh.
- It's okay.
- [Rachel] Don't worry about it.
- Enjoy.
- [Rachel] Hmm, thank you.
That's a legal parking spot.
I checked.
That's the guy we need
to talk to. Come on.
Okay, hold on.
Hey, Dick, I might, um,
stay here and see
if I can figure out
what's up with the waitress.
Sure.
[door bell dings]
[Sheriff Carter]
This monster yours?
Yes, I'm so sorry.
I was under the impression
this was a legal parking spot.
Oh, it is. For a vehicle
under 12 feet long.
There's a clear sign
right when you hit town,
it says big dogs like this,
not allowed.
Rules are rules.
I was a detective in Detroit.
Totally get it.
Well, laws separate us from
the animals, don't they?
[chuckles] Dick Grayson.
Dave. Dave Carter.
Hey, why don't you move
this thing out of here
and check on Tim and Bernard.
Yeah, I'll, um,
I'll be right back.
Uh, you know, you can, uh,
pay for this right now,
if you want.
That'd be great.
I'd love to see
your setup here.
Ah, it's a far cry
from Detroit, I'm sure.
But, um, yeah,
it's got its charms.
One hundred and fifty bucks?
That's very Detroit.
[DJ on radio] You're with
Captain Calm Seas,
a.k.a Vinny Peruzzi,
spinning the smoothest
pop classics from A to Z.
[sighs]
[light rock music playing]
[brakes hiss]
[sighs]
Sure you don't want
a receipt, huh?
Home Office don't sweat
the small stuff.
Yeah, we don't get
a lot of visitors here.
I'm not surprised.
You're not exactly on the map.
Takes a special someone
to find us, for sure.
So, what brings you through?
Oh, antique hunting.
Sometimes,
little towns like this
have hidden treasures.
What kind of treasures?
Family heirlooms,
things like that.
Well, we do have
a few knickknack shops
and the like.
You're welcome to poke around,
but I think I have an idea
what you're really looking for.
We should talk.
Well, I'm all ears.
- You a whiskey drinker?
- You a mind reader?
Look, I'm off duty in an hour.
Come by then.
Sounds good.
Ma'am.
You okay?
Not really. Um...
I have to show you something.
Try it yourself.
What the hell?
[Kory] I know.
There's gotta be
another way out.
I tried every road.
It's the same thing.
We're trapped here.
It's impossible,
we can see the other side.
[Kory] Yeah, I mean,
we can see it,
but we can't get to it.
They don't want us to leave.
Roberta said
the Horn of Trigon is
protected by his followers.
Maybe we need to get the Horn
in order to get out.
So, then, let's go get it.
Sheriff Carter invited me
for drinks tonight.
I think he has the Horn.
That's our shot.
[coughing]
- Hey, what's going on?
- I don't know.
Something's happening to me.
I feel strange.
Come on,
let's get you inside the RV.
[Kory coughing]
[people chattering
indistinctly]
[man speaking indistinctly]
Did she take it?
[man] We have
one chance at this.
[Rachel] Let her go!
Are you okay?
You didn't have to do that.
He shouldn't be
grabbing you like that.
Do you even know him?
Yeah. That's my dad.
He's a lot sometimes.
Are you okay?
Yeah.
Where are your friends?
Um, they...
They went...
I don't know. [groans]
[grunting]
[Megan] Don't get up.
[cocks shotgun]
Don't even move.
What did you do to me?
I drugged you and your friends.
Artemwood root.
The prophecy says
it only works on someone
with alien blood.
None of your powers
work here.
Your friend from the diner.
The Son of Trigon, where is he?
How would I know?
I have been unconscious.
And he's not the Son of Trigon.
You better start
tellin' us the truth.
Okay. I know you're scared,
and you should be,
but not of me.
My friends and I,
we're the good guys.
We'll see.
Okay, so you know
about the prophecy.
You know about
the Son of Trigon.
My friend's obviously
not his son.
I mean, the drug didn't
work on him, did it?
How'd you get into town then?
I'm the daughter of Trigon.
Prophecy doesn't say
anything about a daughter.
[Rachel] But here we are.
And the man your looking for,
the son of Trigon,
he is on his way,
and he wants the Horn.
Look, I promise
I'm here to help,
but I need to know
what I'm up against.
And I need to find my friends.
[sighs]
Go on.
Caul's Folly is... magic.
- [scoffs softly] Magic?
- Or cursed,
depending on
your viewpoint, I guess.
[Jacob] We've been
trapped here for years.
The Sheriff is the keeper.
He'll protect the Horn
to the death.
He and the others,
they've been waiting
for the "chosen one."
They think your friend is it.
And what will they do when
they find out that he's not?
They'll kill him.
Okay. If you free me,
help me find my friend
and the Horn,
I promise I can
get you out of this town.
Please?
If she's lyin', we're dead.
I don't care.
I'd rather be dead than
spend another day here.
Horn or no Horn,
you're gettin' us outta here.
[device whirring]
Yeah. No. Yes, yes,
I understand
that the images
you just sent me
are only two hours old,
but they're not going to work.
I need a satellite
in the area right now.
All right? Thank you.
Giant RVs don't just vanish.
[Tim] It's like they
dropped off the grid.
They can't
have just disappeared!
They didn't, all right?
We just... We just
need to figure out
what actually happened.
Um, Tim? Tim?
Yeah?
- Could I have that back?
- Sure. Just need to--
- [buzzes]
- [Bernard] No, don't!
Both pieces, please.
Thank you.
[Bernard groans]
Sorry, I just thought
there has to be some sort
of energy... here, right?
- Like, an energy
signature. Yeah.
- Mmm-hmm.
What you want is this.
It's really easy.
You just point
and press the button.
If it lights up,
you found something.
Try to bring it back
in one piece this time.
Gotcha.
[sighs] Oh, God.
[device beeping slowly]
[Tim] I don't know.
It doesn't feel right
to just stop looking.
Tim, there's nothing more
we can do tonight, all right?
Look, tomorrow, we'll have
the geological studies,
and we can start again.
[sighs]
- [man] Good evening.
Checking in?
- Yes, please.
Uh, travelling for business
or pleasure today?
Does it matter?
They make me ask you that.
Uh, one room? Two?
Two, please.
I, uh, I may have an adjoining.
That would be lovely,
thank you.
♪ Believer, took me over
Like a fever
♪ Caught you hiding
In the smoke, smoke, smoke
♪ Like a meteor,
I glow, glow, glow
♪ Ooh
♪ Lay your red hand
On me, baby
♪ Ooh
♪ As I go
♪ Into the sea
♪ Out of fire
♪ All that burning
♪ Into the sea
♪ Out of fire
[clicks]
♪ All that burning
♪ Into the sea
♪ Out of fire
♪ All that burning
♪ Into the sea
♪ Out of fire
♪ All that burning
[clicks]
Oh, shit!
♪ Whatcha gonna do
What you gonna do?
[grunting]
[breathing heavily]
♪ Well I'll release her
♪ From the bindings
Of her teachers
♪ What they're hiding there
Is broke, broke, broke
♪ Like the River Styx,
I flow, flow, flow
I don't wanna be just friends.
Me neither.
♪ Into the sea
♪ Out of fire
♪ All that burning ♪
Hello?
Sheriff Carter?
[Sheriff Carter] Mr. Grayson!
Oh.
Looks like you made yourself
right at home.
Well, the door was open.
Cabinet wasn't.
Just gimme the Horn
and I'll leave.
Nah. It's not gonna
work that way.
Fellas.
[grunting]
[groaning]
Argh!
There, there, now.
Take it easy, old Teddy.
Things are gonna be
a lot sunnier from now on.
Get him up.
[sirens wailing]
[theme music playing]